I hate California I want to go to the
East Coast I want to go where culture is
like New York I recently Connecticut or
New Hampshire where writers live in the
woman to those schools anyway mom she'd
just go to City College you know with
your work ethic just go to City College
and then to jail and then back to City
College and then maybe you'd learn to
pull yourself off and not expect
everybody to do everything ladybird is
that your given name yeah why is it in
quotes I gave it to myself it's given to
me by me Lady Bird always says that she
lives in the wrong side of the tracks
but I always thought that that was like
a metaphor but there are actual train
tracks
what she did was very baller she has a
big heart ear mom she's warm but she's
also kind of scary you can't be scary
and warm I think you can your mom is so
you're not interested in any Catholic
colleges no way high schools like Yale
but not Yale because I probably couldn't
get in you definitely couldn't get in
does mom hate me you're tired we can sit
up I'm not tying or dragging your feet
you are so infuriated stop yellow I'm
not yelling Oh perfect love it you both
have such strong personalities
when is a normal time do you have sex
you're having sex just wanted it to be
special
why you're gonna have so much on special
sex in your life we're afraid that we
will never escape our past whatever we
give you it's never enough it's never
enough we're afraid of what the future
will bring we're afraid we won't be
loved we won't be like yeah well you
know your mom totally and we won't
succeed I want you to be the very best
version of yourself that you can be
[Music]
what if this is the best version
what it really like us to be on Math
Olympiad but math isn't something you're
very strong in that we know of yet
[Music]